This property is located in the Wienerwald
to bring community or in
the catastral church wilfersdorf
the house has 360 square meters
floor space and 104 square meters
living space and is complete
basement with wine cellar sauna shower
basement rummaging and washroom
on the ground floor is a
anteroom a wc a kitchen with
built-in appliances and a spacious
designed living dining room with a
sweden oven
upstairs are three
bedrooms a bathroom with wc
Vanity tub and shower as well
balcony
the heating takes place by means of gastherme
and two car parking spaces are also available
available
the energy certificate is from the seller
already been commissioned
the monthly operating costs amount
to about 108 euros
the purchase price for this great property
is 225,000 euros exclusive life
costs
And even if you know a property
the best recycled and cinematic in
scene should be set
then you should contact us directly
on project we like to take care of and
Professional around all your concerns around
around real estate